now the leaders of the people dwelt at
now the leaders of the people dwelt at Jerusalem the rest of the people cast
Jerusalem the rest of the people cast
Jerusalem the rest of the people cast lots to bring one out of ten to dwell in
lots to bring one out of ten to dwell in
lots to bring one out of ten to dwell in Jerusalem the holy city and nine tenths
Jerusalem the holy city and nine tenths
Jerusalem the holy city and nine tenths were to dwell in other cities and the
were to dwell in other cities and the
were to dwell in other cities and the people blessed all the men who willingly
people blessed all the men who willingly
people blessed all the men who willingly offered himself to dwell at Jerusalem
offered himself to dwell at Jerusalem
offered himself to dwell at Jerusalem these are the heads of the province who
these are the heads of the province who
these are the heads of the province who dwelt in Jerusalem but in the cities of
dwelt in Jerusalem but in the cities of
dwelt in Jerusalem but in the cities of Judah everyone dwelt in his own
Judah everyone dwelt in his own
Judah everyone dwelt in his own possession in their cities
possession in their cities
possession in their cities his relights priests Levites Nathan
his relights priests Levites Nathan
his relights priests Levites Nathan immed and descendants of Solomon
immed and descendants of Solomon
immed and descendants of Solomon servants also in Jerusalem dwelt some of
servants also in Jerusalem dwelt some of
servants also in Jerusalem dwelt some of the children of Judah and of the
the children of Judah and of the
the children of Judah and of the children of Benjamin the children of
children of Benjamin the children of
children of Benjamin the children of Judah aphaia the son of Isaiah the son
Judah aphaia the son of Isaiah the son
Judah aphaia the son of Isaiah the son of Zechariah the son of a Moriah the son
of Zechariah the son of a Moriah the son
of Zechariah the son of a Moriah the son of Shep Athiya the son of mahalo of the
of Shep Athiya the son of mahalo of the
of Shep Athiya the son of mahalo of the children of Pires and may Asiya the son
children of Pires and may Asiya the son
children of Pires and may Asiya the son of Baruch the son of kal Jose the son of
of Baruch the son of kal Jose the son of
of Baruch the son of kal Jose the son of Hosea the son of adaiah
Hosea the son of adaiah
Hosea the son of adaiah the son of joy Arab the son of Zechariah
the son of joy Arab the son of Zechariah
the son of joy Arab the son of Zechariah the son of Shiloh no all the sons of
the son of Shiloh no all the sons of
the son of Shiloh no all the sons of Pires who dwelt at Jerusalem for 468
Pires who dwelt at Jerusalem for 468
Pires who dwelt at Jerusalem for 468 valiant men and these are the sons of
valiant men and these are the sons of
valiant men and these are the sons of Benjamin salut the son of Michelin the
Benjamin salut the son of Michelin the
Benjamin salut the son of Michelin the son of Joh Ed's the son of peteus the
son of Joh Ed's the son of peteus the
son of Joh Ed's the son of peteus the son of Kolya the son of may Asiya the
son of Kolya the son of may Asiya the
son of Kolya the son of may Asiya the son of bithia the son of Josiah and
son of bithia the son of Josiah and
son of bithia the son of Josiah and after him Gabbay I and Saleh I 928
after him Gabbay I and Saleh I 928
after him Gabbay I and Saleh I 928 Joelle the son of Zechariah was their
Joelle the son of Zechariah was their
Joelle the son of Zechariah was their overseer and judah the son of sanur was
overseer and judah the son of sanur was
overseer and judah the son of sanur was second over the city of the priests
second over the city of the priests
second over the city of the priests judea the son of joy Aaron and Jacob
judea the son of joy Aaron and Jacob
judea the son of joy Aaron and Jacob Sariah the son of Hilkiah the son of
Sariah the son of Hilkiah the son of
Sariah the son of Hilkiah the son of michelin's the son of Zadok the son of
michelin's the son of Zadok the son of
michelin's the son of Zadok the son of Moorea the son of a heightened was the
Moorea the son of a heightened was the
Moorea the son of a heightened was the leader of the house of God
leader of the house of God
leader of the house of God their brethren who did the work of the
their brethren who did the work of the
their brethren who did the work of the house were 822 and adaiah
house were 822 and adaiah
house were 822 and adaiah the son of Jerome the son of Pella laia
the son of Jerome the son of Pella laia
the son of Jerome the son of Pella laia the son of Em's I the son of Zechariah
the son of Em's I the son of Zechariah
the son of Em's I the son of Zechariah the son of pasher the son of melchi John
the son of pasher the son of melchi John
the son of pasher the son of melchi John and his brethren heads of the fathers
and his brethren heads of the fathers
and his brethren heads of the fathers houses were 242 and am a shy the son of
houses were 242 and am a shy the son of
houses were 242 and am a shy the son of a zero the son of Oz I the son of
a zero the son of Oz I the son of
a zero the son of Oz I the son of Mozilla math the son of omoro and their
Mozilla math the son of omoro and their
Mozilla math the son of omoro and their brethren mighty men of valor were 128
brethren mighty men of valor were 128
brethren mighty men of valor were 128 their overseer was zabdiel the son of
their overseer was zabdiel the son of
their overseer was zabdiel the son of one of the great men also of the Levites
one of the great men also of the Levites
one of the great men also of the Levites shamaya the son of hashim the son of
shamaya the son of hashim the son of
shamaya the son of hashim the son of Azraq am the son of hash abaya the son
Azraq am the son of hash abaya the son
Azraq am the son of hash abaya the son of bun i shabath i and Jezebel of the
of bun i shabath i and Jezebel of the
of bun i shabath i and Jezebel of the heads of the Levites had the oversight
heads of the Levites had the oversight
heads of the Levites had the oversight of the business outside of the house of
of the business outside of the house of
of the business outside of the house of God mattaniah the son of Micah the son
God mattaniah the son of Micah the son
God mattaniah the son of Micah the son of zaptie the son of Asaph the leader
of zaptie the son of Asaph the leader
of zaptie the son of Asaph the leader who began the Thanksgiving with prayer
who began the Thanksgiving with prayer
who began the Thanksgiving with prayer back boo kya the second among his
back boo kya the second among his
back boo kya the second among his brethren and AB de the son of Shem UWE
brethren and AB de the son of Shem UWE
brethren and AB de the son of Shem UWE the son of Gail ow the son of Jay Dusen
the son of Gail ow the son of Jay Dusen
the son of Gail ow the son of Jay Dusen all the Levites in the holy city were
all the Levites in the holy city were
all the Levites in the holy city were 284 moreover the gatekeepers Akkad
284 moreover the gatekeepers Akkad
284 moreover the gatekeepers Akkad Talman and their brethren who kept the
Talman and their brethren who kept the
Talman and their brethren who kept the gates were 172 and the rest of Israel of
gates were 172 and the rest of Israel of
gates were 172 and the rest of Israel of the priests and Levites were in all the
the priests and Levites were in all the
the priests and Levites were in all the cities of Judah everyone in his
cities of Judah everyone in his
cities of Judah everyone in his inheritance but the Nephilim dwelt in FL
inheritance but the Nephilim dwelt in FL
inheritance but the Nephilim dwelt in FL and Ziya and Gish baa were over the
and Ziya and Gish baa were over the
and Ziya and Gish baa were over the Nephilim also the overseer of the
Nephilim also the overseer of the
Nephilim also the overseer of the Levites at Jerusalem was as I the son of
Levites at Jerusalem was as I the son of
Levites at Jerusalem was as I the son of Bay 9 the son of hash abaya
Bay 9 the son of hash abaya
Bay 9 the son of hash abaya the son of mattaniah the son of mica of
the son of mattaniah the son of mica of
the son of mattaniah the son of mica of the sons of a south the singers in
the sons of a south the singers in
the sons of a south the singers in charge of the service of the house of
charge of the service of the house of
charge of the service of the house of God
God
God for it was the king's command concerning
for it was the king's command concerning
for it was the king's command concerning them that a certain portion should be
them that a certain portion should be
them that a certain portion should be for the singers a quota day by day at
for the singers a quota day by day at
for the singers a quota day by day at the hiya the son of machete bell of the
the hiya the son of machete bell of the
the hiya the son of machete bell of the children of Zera the son of Judah was
children of Zera the son of Judah was
children of Zera the son of Judah was the Kings deputy in all matters
the Kings deputy in all matters
the Kings deputy in all matters concerning the people and as for the
concerning the people and as for the
concerning the people and as for the villages with their fields some of the
villages with their fields some of the
villages with their fields some of the children of Judah dwelt in Kiryat Arba
children of Judah dwelt in Kiryat Arba
children of Judah dwelt in Kiryat Arba and its villages died bond in its
and its villages died bond in its
and its villages died bond in its villages jacob ZL and its villages in
villages jacob ZL and its villages in
villages jacob ZL and its villages in Jeshua more later
Jeshua more later
Jeshua more later Beth pilot Heiser shul and Beersheba and
Beth pilot Heiser shul and Beersheba and
Beth pilot Heiser shul and Beersheba and its villages in Ziklag and mokona and
its villages in Ziklag and mokona and
its villages in Ziklag and mokona and its villages in in rimmon Zora Darmouth
its villages in in rimmon Zora Darmouth
its villages in in rimmon Zora Darmouth zone OA a dull um and their villages in
zone OA a dull um and their villages in
zone OA a dull um and their villages in lakish and its fields in a Zika and its
lakish and its fields in a Zika and its
lakish and its fields in a Zika and its villages they dwelled from Beersheba to
villages they dwelled from Beersheba to
villages they dwelled from Beersheba to the Valley of Hinnom also the children
the Valley of Hinnom also the children
the Valley of Hinnom also the children of Benjamin from giba dwelt in mcNeish
of Benjamin from giba dwelt in mcNeish
of Benjamin from giba dwelt in mcNeish Haeju and bethel and their villages in
Haeju and bethel and their villages in
Haeju and bethel and their villages in anetha knob and Aniyah in Heiser Rhema
anetha knob and Aniyah in Heiser Rhema
anetha knob and Aniyah in Heiser Rhema and guitar in hated the zoo Boehm in a
and guitar in hated the zoo Boehm in a
and guitar in hated the zoo Boehm in a ballot in laud oh no and the valley of
ballot in laud oh no and the valley of
ballot in laud oh no and the valley of craftsmen some of the Judean divisions
craftsmen some of the Judean divisions
craftsmen some of the Judean divisions of Levites were in Benjamin
you
you [Music]